**MASc & PhD Thesis Template**

*Queen's University, Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering (ECE)* <br />
Prepared By: Ian Maquignaz BASc, M.Eng, MASc, Phd Candidate <br /><br />
Template Version 2.0 - Created June 2019 <br />
Requisitioned By: Professor Michael Greenspan <br />

**Description:**

> The following document is template aimed at providing a basic structure for a MASc or PhD thesis, as required by the department of Electrical & Computer Engineering. It should meet all formating requirement set out by Queen's University. The outline provided is greatly generic, and should be modified to best fit your own research and the expectations of your defence committee. 

**Software:**

> The software used to create this template is TeXstudio. There are many many variants of the Latex Project available, including many programs (eg. MiKTeX, Texmaker and etc) and many online applications which facilitate sharing (eg. ShareLaTex, Overleaf, and etc). From our experience, TeXstudio is a free human friendly offline cross-platform Latex IDE and is quite easy to install. 
>* Mac OSX: http://www.texstudio.org/
>* Windows: http://www.texstudio.org/
>* Ubuntu: sudo apt-get install texstudio
>* Other: http://www.texstudio.org/#download
> * **Overleaf** Copy this project: https://www.overleaf.com/read/tqbpccbrjjjp

**Found a bug or want to contribute?** 

> We would be thrilled if you contributed to this project! If you are a member of Queen's Faculty of Applied Science (FEAS) and you have an FEAS GitLab account, all you need to do is send a request to Ian Maquignaz (@9im14) to be added to the project.


**--- Getting Started ---**

>This folder (labeled "Thesis") contains the entirety of your thesis. Each of the folders above contains the content of your thesis broken into different files. The folder "0_Config" contains LaTex style and configuration documents which you should not need to touch. Below, you should find two files of interest: Thesis.tex and Thesis.pdf. 
>* Thesis.pdf <br />
>This is the final product PDF version of your thesis as generated by Latex.
>* Thesis.tex <br />
>**OPEN THIS FILE IN TeXstudio TO START WRITTING YOUR THESIS!** <br />
This is the master file for your thesis Tex project. It is the script that will combine all the files together to create your Thesis.pdf. <br />
**Make sure this document is the 'Main Document' compiled (Overleaf)**

**<!> NOTES <!>**
1. Latex sometimes need two consecutive runs of 'build' for all changes to appear.

2. When you 'build' for the first time, a plathora of auto-generated files will fill up this folder. These files are of little consequence and can be ignored. The only two files of interest are Thesis.tex and Thesis.pdf. They should still exist in this folder.

3. If you want to delete the plathora of auto-generated files, you can do so in TexStudio through the "Tools" menu and selecting "Clean Auxiliary Files". The file extensions to remove include: log,aux,dvi,lof,lot,bit,idx,glo,bbl,bcf,ilg,toc,ind,out,blg,fdb_latexmk,fls,cb,cb2,equ,glsdefs,ist,lol,mw,sdn,synctex.gz,acn,snm,vrb,nav,gls,glg,alg,acr,slg,sym

4. LaTex does not build your Bibliography, Glossary or Index on the first the first run! You must first compile your LaTex project, then manually call for each to be compiled. In TexStudio, you can compile by calling "Build & View" (or F5), then selecting Bibliography, Glossary or Index under the "Tools" menu. You may need to compile ("Build & View") one more time for the changes to appear. 

